[Paddle] Add paddle frontend developer guide. (#13464)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/frontends/paddle/README.md

# OpenVINO™ Padddle Frontend

> OpenVINO Paddle Frontend is one of the OpenVINO Frontend libaries that is dedicated for Baidu PaddlePaddle™ framework. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO Paddle Frontend is one of the OpenVINO Frontend libraries that is dedicated for the Baidu PaddlePaddle™ framework. 
```

The component is responsible for:
 * Paddle Reader - component reads PaddlePaddle protobuf model, and parses it to frontend InputModel [paddle frontend architecture](./docs/paddle_frontend_architecture.md).

>  * Paddle Converter - component decodes the PaddlePaddle model and operators, and map them sematically to OpenVINO opset [operator mapping flow](./docs/operation_mapping_flow.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Paddle Converter - component decodes the PaddlePaddle model and operators, and map them semantically to OpenVINO opset [operator mapping flow](./docs/operation_mapping_flow.md).
```

> The diagram below shows the positions of Paddle Frontend and the main components.![](./docs/img/PaddleFrontendPositioning.PNG)

Reviewer 2: Looks like you didn't add the png file. Anyway, can we use `Mermaid` instead of images for diagrams?
Example: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/src/frontends/ir/docs/architecture.md

Author: Uploaded the png files. Actually I have created the files a long time ago, so they could be directly used. Can they be used here?

Reviewer 2: @ceciliapeng2011 I recommend to use mermaid because:

- We have one style for all diagrams in the developer documentation
- In case of any changes it is easier to support (you can completely change the diagram without graphic editor)
- We don't spend a place in git lfs storage

Reviewer 2: For example [this picture](https://github.com/ceciliapeng2011/openvino/blob/cecilia/paddle/doc/src/frontends/paddle/docs/img/PaddleFrontendPositioning.PNG) is out-of date, because:

- We don't have readers and readers API
- This picture shows legacy API (CNNNetwork, nGraph, InferenceEngine)

For [this picture](https://github.com/ceciliapeng2011/openvino/blob/cecilia/paddle/doc/src/frontends/paddle/docs/img/PaddleFrontendInternal.PNG) we don't have IENetworkReader object

Author: updated with mermaid

OpenVINO Paddle Frontend uses [the common coding style rules](../../docs/dev/coding_style.md).

## Key person

People from the [openvino-ie-paddle-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/openvinotoolkit/teams/openvino-ie-paddle-maintainers) allows to approve and merge PRs to the Paddle frontend component. These guys can help in case of any questions about the component.

## Components

OpenVINO Paddle Frontend has the next structure:
 * [docs](./docs) contains developer documentation pages for the component.
 * [include](./include) contains module API. Detailed information about provided API can be found.
 * [src](./src) folder contains sources of the component.
 * [tests](./tests) contains tests for the component [here](docs/tests.md).

## Debug capabilities

> Developers can use OpenVINO Model debug capabilities that are described in the [OpenVINO Model User Guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_OV_UG_Model_Representation.html#model-debug-capabilities).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Developers can use OpenVINO Model debug capabilities that are described in the [OpenVINO Model User Guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/openvino_docs_OV_UG_Model_Representation.html#model-debug-capabilities).
```

## Tutorials
  TODO

## See also

>  * TODO

Reviewer 2: Can you add links to some up-level documentation? Like developer documentation readme, openvino readme and etc.

Author: done

# OpenVINO™ Paddle Frontend

> OpenVINO Paddle Frontend is one of the OpenVINO Frontend libraries that is created for the Baidu PaddlePaddle™ framework.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OpenVINO Paddle Frontend is one of the OpenVINO Frontend libraries created for the Baidu PaddlePaddle™ framework.
```

The component is responsible for:

>  * Paddle Reader - reads PaddlePaddle protobuf model and parses it to the frontend InputModel [paddle frontend architecture](./docs/paddle_frontend_architecture.md).
>  * Paddle Converter - decodes the PaddlePaddle model and operators and maps them semantically to the OpenVINO opset [operator mapping flow](./docs/operation_mapping_flow.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * Paddle Reader - reads a PaddlePaddle protobuf model and parses it to the frontend InputModel. [Learn more about Paddle Frontend architecture.](./docs/paddle_frontend_architecture.md).
 * Paddle Converter - decodes a PaddlePaddle model and operators and maps them semantically to the OpenVINO opset. [Learn more about the operator mapping flow.](./docs/operation_mapping_flow.md).
```

>  * Paddle Reader - component reads PaddlePaddle protobuf model, and parses it to frontend InputModel [paddle frontend architecture](./docs/paddle_frontend_architecture.md).
>  * Paddle Converter - component decodes the PaddlePaddle model and operators, and map them sematically to OpenVINO opset [operator mapping flow](./docs/operation_mapping_flow.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * Paddle Reader - reads PaddlePaddle protobuf model and parses it to the frontend InputModel [paddle frontend architecture](./docs/paddle_frontend_architecture.md).
 * Paddle Converter - decodes the PaddlePaddle model and operators and maps them semantically to the OpenVINO opset [operator mapping flow](./docs/operation_mapping_flow.md).
```

> The diagram below shows the positions of Paddle Frontend and the main components.![](./docs/img/PaddleFrontendPositioning.PNG)

Author: updated by removal

OpenVINO Paddle Frontend uses [the common coding style rules](../../docs/dev/coding_style.md).

> ## Key person

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Key contacts
```

> People from the [openvino-ie-paddle-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/openvinotoolkit/teams/openvino-ie-paddle-maintainers) allows to approve and merge PRs to the Paddle frontend component. These guys can help in case of any questions about the component.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
People from the [openvino-ie-paddle-maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/openvinotoolkit/teams/openvino-ie-paddle-maintainers) have the rights to approve and merge PRs to the Paddle frontend component. They can assist with any questions about the component.
```

> OpenVINO Paddle Frontend has the next structure:
>  * [docs](./docs) contains developer documentation pages for the component.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OpenVINO Paddle Frontend has the following structure:
 * [docs](./docs) contains developer documentation for the component.
```

 * [include](./include) contains module API and detailed information about the provided API.
 * [src](./src) folder contains sources of the component.

>  * [tests](./tests) contains tests for the component. To get more information, read [How to run and add tests](./docs/tests.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * [tests](./tests) contains tests for the component. To get more information, read [How to run and add tests](./docs/tests.md) page.
```

 * [src](./src) folder contains sources of the component.

>  * [tests](./tests) contains tests for the component [here](docs/tests.md).

Reviewer 3: tests link doesn't work, why two links?

Author: There is an on-going activity that Paddle unit tests will be moved into this folder, instead of a shared place.

Reviewer 2: As I know it is already here: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/src/frontends/paddle/tests

## Debug capabilities

Developers can use OpenVINO Model debug capabilities that are described in the [OpenVINO Model User Guide](https://docs.openvino.ai/nightly/openvino_docs_OV_UG_Model_Representation.html#model-debug-capabilities).

## Tutorials
  TODO

## See also
 * [OpenVINO™ README](../../README.md)
 * [OpenVINO Core Components](../README.md)

>  * [Developer documentation](../../docs/dev/index.md)

Author: fixed.

>  * [Developer documentation](../../../docs/dev/index.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * [Developer Documentation](../../../docs/dev/index.md)
```
